deepagents: profiles (#3683)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/models.mdx

:::

<Note>
    Available parameters vary by provider. See the [chat model integrations](/oss/integrations/chat) page for provider-specific configuration options.
</Note>

### Provider profiles

> A [`ProviderProfile`](/oss/deepagents/profiles#provider-profiles) packages initialization parameters that apply whenever the harness turns a `provider:model` string into a chat model. It is not consulted when you pass a preconfigured `BaseChatModel`instance.

Reviewer: maybe a bit easier to parse:

```suggestion
A [`ProviderProfile`](/oss/deepagents/profiles#provider-profiles) packages initialization parameters that apply when you provide a `provider:model` string when creating the deep agent. It does not apply when you pass a preconfigured model with @[`init_chat_model`].
```
